skins: make a note on Customer skins (#39)
RotherOSS/doc-otobo-dev: content/how-it-works/skins.rst

Let's start by creating the files needed for our new skin. First of all, we need to create a new folder for this skin (we'll call it ``custom``). This folder will be ``$OTOBO_HOME/var/httpd/htdocs/skins/Agent/custom``.

.. note::

>    For creation of skins for the customer interface, the path would be ``$OTOBO_HOME/var/httpd/htdocs/skins/Customer/$SKIN_NAME``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For creating skins for the customer interface, the path would be ``$OTOBO_HOME/var/httpd/htdocs/skins/Customer/$SKIN_NAME``.
```
